docs: improve CCM gas budget and CCM estimations docs (#571)
chainflip-io/chainflip-docs: pages/swapping/integrations/advanced/cross-chain-messaging/sol-ccm.mdx

## Fallback mechanism

> A CCM transaction can revert for multiple reasons, including but not limited to having insufficient compute units or the user logic reverting on the receiver program. In those scenario assets wouldn't be egressed to the destination address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A CCM transaction can revert for multiple reasons, including but not limited to having insufficient compute units or the user logic reverting on the receiver program. In these scenarios, assets wouldn't be sent to the destination address.
```

> Unlike EVM chains, Solana does not support any type of try-catch mechanism. Thus, a Fallback mechanism is implemented to ensure funds are safely egressed to a user-provided fallback address in case of a CCM transaction reverting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike EVM chains, Solana does not support any try-catch mechanisms. Thus, a Fallback mechanism is implemented to ensure funds are safely sent to a user-provided fallback address in case a CCM transaction reverts.
```
